{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My name is Ramon Fontenot and I\'92m a San Francisco native in my early 40s. Last year, I\
received a rare diagnosis of combined Rheumatoid Arthritis and Interstitial Lung Disease.\
\
January 2019, my life took a sudden turn. During an emergency visit at General Hospital, they\
found scar tissue in 50% of my lungs. I was hospitalized with my oxygen levels far below\
normal. I spent three weeks in a hospital room cycling through machine after machine meant to\
provide me enough oxygen, my lungs demanding more and more. One day I laid still in my\
room, panicking as I felt my heart racing past the speed my lungs could match\
\
Thankfully, I was approved for emergency life support surgery, and two days after that was\
given a lung transplant. The expertise and genuine care at SFGH and UCSF made the surgery\
a success, and I was home within 10 days of receiving my lungs.\
\
My body seemed to be safely accepting my new lungs. But during a routine bronchoscopy last\
month, the doctors found a slight rejection. They told me some big news: to keep my lungs\
stable, I would have to quit working my normal job and transition to working from home for a\
minimum of 6 months, and likely 1 year.\
\
So my plan is to transition into Web Design. I\'92m attending classes at MEDATECH at 2301 Mission st in San Francisco. The goal is to do freelance work or logo design. If you would like to know more about me you download my resume or contact me personally through my contact page.\
\
Thank you for reading, Truly thankful and happy to be here.\
\
Ramon}